Brief: About Me / Doodles + Seamless Carousel Generator
For Vanessa to paste into the Replit Agent. Two related design features to build together (or independently if easier).


What we're building
A new generator page in the CyberSuite called "About Me" (or "Doodles", Vanessa's call). The user uploads a photo of themselves, types a title and up to 10 descriptive words, picks an arrow style and the system auto-builds a beautifully designed About Me post in the style of the Pinterest/IG trend.

Output is a single image (1080x1350 portrait OR 1080x1920 story) ready to push to IG or save to the Content Library.
Visual reference
Background: a heavily blurred version of the same photo, filling the whole canvas. Gives that dreamy magazine feel.

Foreground: cut-out subject photo (background removed) layered ON TOP of the blurred background. Centred or slightly off-centre.

Title: elegant script at the top.

Words: 5-10 single words scattered around the photo, each with a hand-drawn doodle arrow pointing from the word to the relevant area of the image.

Decorations: optional sparkle or heart elements.


User flow
User clicks About Me in the sidebar
Lands on a generator page split into two panels: controls on the left, live preview on the right
Controls panel:
Upload subject photo (drag and drop or click to browse). System auto-removes the background to give a clean cut-out.
Background photo option: by default, the system uses the SAME uploaded photo, blurred heavily, as the background. The user can override this with a separate uploaded background image if they want (e.g. clinic interior, scenic shot).
Background blur amount: slider (10-40px Gaussian blur), default 25px
Background overlay opacity: slider (0-50%), adds a soft tint of the chosen accent colour on top of the blurred background for legibility
Title text input (e.g. "About me", "Meet your injector", "Behind the scenes")
10 word slots: each is a single text input plus a small position selector (top-left, top-right, middle-left, middle-right, bottom-left, bottom-right, etc) OR a drag-to-position picker on the preview
Arrow style selector: dropdown with 5-8 different doodle arrow styles (curly, straight, looped, dashed, hand-drawn squiggle, etc)
Accent colour: picker for the title, words and arrows. Default soft warm cream #F5EEE3. Options for white, hot pink (brand), warm grey, deep brown.
Title font: dropdown of script options (Allura, Great Vibes, Pinyon Script, Sacramento)
Aspect ratio: 1080x1350 (single post), 1080x1920 (story)
Right panel: live preview that updates within 100ms as user types
Save button: saves to Content Library OR pushes direct to IG via existing push flow


Word + arrow placement
Auto-layout algorithm: spread the words evenly around the photo cut-out, with arrows curving from each word toward a sensible point on the photo (face area, hand, etc).

If user picks manual positioning, allow drag-to-place on the preview canvas. The arrow auto-redraws to point from the word to the photo's centre or nearest visible edge.

Default placement when user just types and doesn't drag:

Top half: 4 words around the head
Middle: 2-3 words at shoulder/hand level
Bottom: 3 words around legs/feet area

Each word has an associated arrow style (use the user's selected style, with subtle variations so they don't all look identical).


Visual elements
Title
Top of the canvas, centred
Script font selected by user (default Allura)
Size around 72-96px depending on length
Colour: contrasting against the background (dark text on cream background)
Small decorative element near the title (sparkle SVG, optional)
Cut-out photo
Centred horizontally, vertically positioned around 30-40% from the top (so words fit above and around)
Background removed via API
Soft drop shadow underneath for depth (4px y-offset, 15% opacity, blur 20px)
Photo scaled to fill roughly 50-60% of the canvas height
Words
Each word in a clean serif or sans-serif font (NOT script, contrast with the title)
Size around 32-40px
Colour matches title colour
Some words can have a small underline swash (for variety, every 3rd word maybe)
Arrows
SVG paths, hand-drawn aesthetic
Curve from the end of the word toward the photo
Arrowhead at the photo end
Same colour as words
Stroke width around 2px
Decorative elements
Optional sparkles, hearts, stars sprinkled around (3-5 max)
Same colour as title/words
Adds personality without overwhelming


Data model
Add a new table aboutMePostsTable:

id: serial primary key

clientName: text not null

originalPhotoUrl: text not null      // the raw uploaded photo

cutoutPhotoUrl: text not null         // the background-removed version

backgroundPhotoUrl: text              // optional, defaults to same as original

backgroundBlurAmount: integer         // pixel value, default 25

backgroundOverlayOpacity: integer     // percentage, default 0

title: text not null

words: jsonb                          // array of { text, position: { x, y }, arrowStyle }

arrowStyle: text                      // default style

accentColor: text                     // for title/words/arrows

titleFont: text

aspectRatio: text                     // "1080x1350" or "1080x1920"

renderedImageUrl: text                // the final composed image

createdAt: timestamp

updatedAt: timestamp


Backend implementation
New routes in artifacts/api-server/src/routes/aboutMe.ts
POST /api/about-me/upload-photo - accepts photo, calls remove.bg API (or similar), returns transparent PNG URL
POST /api/about-me - creates an About Me post record
GET /api/about-me - lists user's About Me posts
GET /api/about-me/:id - get one
PUT /api/about-me/:id - update
DELETE /api/about-me/:id
POST /api/about-me/:id/render - generates the final composed image using node-canvas or sharp, saves to object storage, returns URL
Background removal
Use remove.bg API (https://www.remove.bg/api). Free tier 50 calls per month, paid tier is cheap. Add REMOVEBG_API_KEY to Replit Secrets.

If remove.bg is unavailable, fall back to a free alternative like Photoroom API or rembg (self-hosted).
Image composition
Use sharp (preferred, fast, handles blur natively) or node-canvas to compose the final image. Order of layers, bottom to top:

Background layer: take the background photo (defaults to the same uploaded photo), apply Gaussian blur at the user's blur amount setting (default 25px), fill the entire canvas. Use sharp().blur(amount) for native fast blur.
Overlay tint: if the user has set overlay opacity > 0, paint a semi-transparent layer of the accent colour over the blurred background.
Cut-out subject photo: paste the background-removed PNG of the subject on top. Position centred or per user's drag placement. Add a subtle drop shadow (4px y, blur 20, 15% opacity).
Title text: render at the top using the selected script font.
Words: for each word, render text at its position.
Arrows: draw SVG arrow paths from each word toward the subject.
Decorative elements: small sparkles/hearts on top.
Export as PNG at 1080x1350 or 1080x1920.


Frontend implementation
New page: /about-me
Two-panel layout:

Left: controls (photo upload, title, 10 word inputs, style pickers)
Right: live preview canvas (HTML5 canvas or SVG, real-time updates)
Preview canvas
Use SVG for the preview (fast, scalable). Draws:

Background rectangle
Photo as element
Title as 
Each word as + arrow as 
Decorative elements as small SVG paths

Updates within 100ms of any input change.
Save flow
User clicks Save:

Server renders the final 1080x1350 PNG using node-canvas
Saves to object storage
Returns URL
User sees: "Saved to Library" with a Push to IG button next to it


Arrow style library (5 styles minimum)
Build these as SVG path generators, each takes a startX/startY and endX/endY and returns a curved path:

Curly squiggle - wavy line with small curves
Loop arrow - one full loop in the middle
Hand-drawn straight - mostly straight but with slight wobble
Dashed arc - dashed line in a gentle curve
Double-back - arrow that doubles back on itself

Each one has a small arrowhead at the end pointing toward the photo.


Acceptance criteria
When done, Vanessa should be able to:

Click About Me in the sidebar
Upload a photo, see the background auto-removed within 5 seconds
Type "About me" in the title
Type 5-10 descriptive words (Wife, Mum, Nurse, Loyal, Friends, Fun, Family, Music, Wine, Honest)
Pick an arrow style from the dropdown
See the preview update in real time as she types
Save the post to her Content Library OR push direct to IG
The final image looks like the Pinterest-style About Me trend


Future-proof note
This template is designed to be re-usable for other "doodle" formats:

"Things I love"
"My non-negotiables"
"A day in my life"
Team member introductions

After v1 launches, we'll add a "Template type" dropdown so the user can switch between About Me, Things I Love, etc. Same engine, different titles and default word sets.




FEATURE 2: SEAMLESS COLLAGE CAROUSEL GENERATOR
What we're building
A new generator page called "Seamless Carousel". User uploads 5-10 images. The system automatically arranges them across 3, 4 or 5 IG-square slides as a continuous collage that flows seamlessly when scrolled in the Instagram carousel. Each slide can have its own optional text overlay (script title, tagline, doodle).

Think of it as a digital photo wall sliced into IG-square panels. Each slide shows part of the collage, and as the viewer swipes, the imagery flows naturally across without harsh cuts.

This is the format that stops the scroll, makes people swipe to the end, and feels properly editorial. Aesthetic clinics use this for "treatment journey" stories, brand reveals, before-during-after style content (without making medical claims).
User flow
User clicks Seamless Carousel in the sidebar
Lands on a 3-step generator page:
Step 1: Number of slides dropdown (3, 4, or 5)
Step 2: Upload 5-10 images in a drag-and-drop zone
Step 3: Pick layout style from a small library of collage templates
The system auto-arranges the uploaded images into the chosen layout across the slides
Live preview shows all N slides side by side, scaled to fit
User can:
Drag any image to a different position in the collage
Resize any image (drag corner handles)
Rotate any image slightly for a casual-Polaroid feel
Toggle text overlays per slide
Toggle a "background base photo" that spans across all slides behind the overlay images
Save: outputs N separate 1080x1080 PNGs as a carousel post in the Content Library
Layout styles (template gallery)
Pre-built collage compositions the user can pick from:
"Background + scattered overlays" (the reference style)
One large image stretched across all slides as the background (the beach scene in your reference)
4-6 smaller "polaroid" images positioned across the slides, some bridging the slide boundaries so the eye flows
Text overlay areas on slides 1 and N (start and end)
"Mosaic flow"
All images sit at similar size, arranged in a flowing grid that spans the slides
No single dominant background
Best for product carousels or treatment overviews
"Magazine spread"
Two large images dominating, smaller ones tucked around them
One image bridges slides 1 and 2, another bridges slides 2 and 3
Most editorial-feeling
"Single feature + accent shots"
One big subject image takes 60% of the canvas
3-4 small accent images positioned around it
Text overlay on the dominant side
"Free arrangement" (manual)
User drags every image manually onto the canvas
For when they know exactly what they want
Smart placement rules
When the system auto-arranges:

The largest uploaded image becomes the BACKGROUND if "Background + scattered overlays" is picked, applied at low opacity (60-70%) or with a slight gradient mask so overlay images pop on top
Overlay images get a small white border (polaroid style, 8-12px) for separation
Subtle drop shadow on each overlay image (4px y, 12 blur, 20% opacity) for depth
Some overlay images deliberately BRIDGE slide boundaries (so half the image is on slide 1, half on slide 2). This forces the seamless effect.
Random slight rotation on each overlay image (-5° to +5°) for casual feel. Optional toggle to disable.
Image positioning avoids overlapping with text overlay zones on slides that have text
Manual editing controls
After auto-arrange, the user can fine-tune in the preview:

Click an image to select it, then drag to move
Corner handles appear for resize
Rotate handle at the top for free rotation
Delete key removes the selected image from the collage
Z-order buttons in a small floating toolbar (Bring forward, Send backward)
Add another image button at the bottom to add more from their upload set
Text overlays per slide (same as before)
For each slide, optionally enable a text overlay with:

Script title (e.g. "Beachwear", "Follow me")
Lead-in line above it (e.g. "My favourite")
Tag line below it (e.g. "inspiration", "for fashion ideas & trends")
Position picker
Doodle decoration toggle
Watermark IG handle at the bottom (small script font)

Default: text ON for slide 1 and slide N (first and last). Middle slides text OFF.
Slicing logic
The full collage canvas is rendered at the right total width:

3 slides = 3240x1080 canvas
4 slides = 4320x1080 canvas
5 slides = 5400x1080 canvas

Once everything is positioned and rendered (background, overlay images, text), the system slices the canvas into 1080x1080 squares. Each square becomes a separate slide PNG.

This is what gives the seamless effect: images that span slide boundaries get cut perfectly at the seam, and when the user swipes through the carousel on Instagram, the imagery flows.
Text overlay rendering
Use sharp or node-canvas to render text and decorations onto the relevant slides AFTER slicing:

Render the collage canvas (background + all overlay images + their rotations and shadows)
Render text overlays on the FULL canvas before slicing, so text positioning is consistent
Slice into N squares
Apply doodles and watermarks per slide
Export each square as PNG
Data model
Add a new table seamlessCarouselsTable:

id: serial primary key

clientName: text not null

slideCount: integer                  // 3, 4, or 5

layoutStyle: text                    // "background_overlays" | "mosaic" | "magazine" | "single_feature" | "free"

uploadedImageUrls: jsonb             // array of all source image URLs the user dropped in (5-10)

collageElements: jsonb               // array of { imageUrl, x, y, width, height, rotation, zIndex, hasBorder, isBackground }

slideTextOverlays: jsonb             // per-slide { slideIndex, title, leadIn, tagLine, doodle, position, enabled }

scriptFont: text

textColor: text

watermark: text                      // IG handle

renderedSlideUrls: jsonb             // array of N rendered slide image URLs after slicing

createdAt: timestamp

updatedAt: timestamp
Backend implementation
New routes in artifacts/api-server/src/routes/seamlessCarousel.ts:

POST /api/seamless/upload-images - accepts 5-10 images, stores them, returns URLs
POST /api/seamless/auto-arrange - body: { slideCount, layoutStyle, imageUrls }, runs the smart placement algorithm and returns the suggested collageElements array
POST /api/seamless - creates a seamless carousel record with all the user's adjusted positions
POST /api/seamless/:id/render - renders the full collage canvas, slices into N slides, applies text overlays per slide, returns array of slide image URLs
POST /api/seamless/:id/save-to-library - adds the rendered slides to the Content Library as a carousel post ready for scheduling/pushing

Use sharp for the rendering and slicing (fast, native, handles transparency, borders and shadows well).
Auto-arrange algorithm (for "background + overlays" layout)
Identify the largest uploaded image, use it as the background (stretched to full canvas width, opacity 70% with a soft light overlay so overlays pop)
For each remaining image: a. Resize to a target tile size (roughly 28-35% of slide height, randomised slightly for variety) b. Add white polaroid border (10px) c. Add drop shadow d. Add a random rotation between -5° and +5° e. Position it at the next slot in a flowing pattern, deliberately placing some images so they bridge slide boundaries
Avoid placing overlays in the text zones if text overlays are enabled on a given slide
Return the final array of placements
Frontend implementation
New page: /seamless-carousel

Two-panel layout same as About Me:

Left: controls (slide count, upload, per-slide text toggles)
Right: live preview showing all N slides side by side at scaled-down size, with a small "View at IG size" toggle that previews each slide individually at full 1080x1080
Acceptance criteria
When done, Vanessa should be able to:

Click Seamless Carousel in the sidebar
Pick 3 slides
Upload 8 photos in one go (one big beach background + 7 lifestyle shots)
Pick "Background + scattered overlays" layout style
See the system auto-arrange the photos across all 3 slides with the beach as background and the 7 overlays scattered, some bridging slide boundaries, all with subtle polaroid borders and slight rotations
Drag one overlay image to a different position
Toggle text overlay on slide 1: title "Beachwear", lead-in "My favourite", tag "inspiration", arrow doodle, bottom-left
Toggle text overlay on slide 3: title "Follow me", tag "for fashion ideas & trends", heart doodle, right side
Add IG handle watermark
Save to Content Library
The carousel appears as 3 seamlessly-flowing slides in her Library, ready to push to IG or auto-schedule


When done (both features)
Restart api-server, ping Vanessa. She'll test About Me first with her own photo, then test Seamless Carousel with a beach scene or treatment storytelling image.

